c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Highsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Highsoft.Web.Mvc.pdb
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cors.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cryptography.Internal.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Html.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Localization.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ApiExplorer.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Cors.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.DataAnnotations.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Json.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Localization.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.Host.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.TagHelpers.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ViewFeatures.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.ResponseCaching.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.DotNet.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Composite.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.Extensions.Globalization.CultureInfoCache.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.Extensions.WebEncoders.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\System.Buffers.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\bin\Release\net451\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\obj\Release\net451\Highsoft.Web.Mvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\obj\Release\net451\Highsoft.Web.Mvc.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\obj\Release\net451\Highsoft.Web.Mvc.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\obj\Release\net451\Highsoft.Web.Mvc.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\obj\Release\net451\Highsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\pmroz\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\!GitHub\highcharts\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\src\Highsoft.Web.Mvc\obj\Release\net451\Highsoft.Web.Mvc.pdb
